More times (#22)
ietf-rats/draft-birkholz-rats-epoch-marker: draft-birkholz-rats-epoch-markers.md

This memo comes with a set of predefined payloads.

### CBOR Time Tags

> A CBOR time representation choosing from #6.0/tdate (ISO 8601), #6.1/time (IEEE 1003-1.2017 Seconds since Epoch), or #6.1001/etime, and option bundled with a nonce.

Author: ```suggestion
A CBOR time representation choosing from CBOR tag 0 (RFC3339 time as a string), tag 1 (Posix time as int or float) or tag 1001    "extended time", optionally bundled with a nonce.
```

See {{Section 3 of -CBOR-ETIME}} for the (many) details about the CBOR extended

> time format (tag 1001). See {{-CBOR}} for tdate (tag 0) and time (tag 1).

Reviewer: Do we say that "etime" is defined in -CBOR-ETIME?  Shouldn't we?  Is it defined elsewhere?

Reviewer: Actually, -CBOR-ETIME defines `Etime`, and `etime`  is defined here.  WFM.

Reviewer 2: ack
